Now we did add this first test

in the previous lecture

but why exactly are we writing such tests?

I mean, it's clear to us that this function works.

Well, the idea is that we add more and more tests over time.

We can then easily run them all at once

to check if our entire project works,

instead of performing a bunch of manual tests.

But of course, we might be confident

that everything works initially,

though you shouldn't be too confident.

You might have bugs in your code

and your tests could help you catch those bugs

as you are writing your tests.

We'll see more examples for that later in this course.

But even if your code, your production code,

your main code is error free right now,

tests are still valuable because we define our test here.

And this test describes the expected behavior

of this ad function.

Now let's say a colleague or maybe ourselves

in a couple of months comes back

to this ad function and changes something there.

For whatever reason, we decide

that this is not the appropriate way of doing it.

And we get rid of the initial value of zero here.

It's a tiny change, but it is a change.

Now, if we have automated tests defined as we do,

then when we make changes to our code,

we should run our tests again, to see if we broke something.

And if we did break something,

we might wanna check if that was intended

because that of course is also sometimes the case.

Sometimes failing tests are okay

because you have an intended change that should be breaking

but here we would run NPM test.

And we would see that now our test fails

because we expected a result of six

but we got not a number.

And we're getting not a number of course

because we changed this to undefined initially,

and when we add numbers to undefined,

the result is not a number that makes sense,

but it's this special JavaScript

not a number value because undefined

plus one is not a number.

That's how JavaScript behaves.

And our test helps us quickly catch this error.

And that's one of the main reasons

for writing such automated tests.

It makes it easy to check your code

when changes to that code are made.

And then you can evaluate

whether that was an intended change

if things break as mentioned before,

or like in this case,

it maybe was a bug that was now introduced.

Of course you could also catch this

when testing everything manually,

but it might take you longer.

You might not test dysfunctionality specifically

and therefore you could introduce subtle bugs

without recognizing, if you wrote tests

and you have good test coverage.

So you try to cover all your functions, all your units

and all the key functionalities and scenarios.

Then you can quickly catch such unintended changes and bugs.
