So, we wrote our first test here

and the test works, and it's actually not a bad test,

but it's also not perfect, because whilst it does its job

there are a couple of flaws with this test,

specifically it's not following the triple A pattern,

the Arrange, Act, Assert pattern,

but what is this pattern all about?

Well, in the end it's about three phases.

The Arrange phase, where you wanna

define the testing environment and values

you are using in the test,

then the Act phase, where you perform the actual testing.

So, where you execute the function that should be tested.

And then the Assert phase, where you evaluate the result

and you set your expectation,

and you simply define which results lead to a success

and which results lead to a failed test.

Of course, in this test, we have an expectation

and of course we are executing the add function,

but we're not really arranging our values.

We're just creating an array on the fly

and we're passing it here into add.

This works, but this test gets a bit easier

to read and change.

If we actually do add a separate constant here maybe,

which contains these numbers,

and we pass this constant into add,

if we don't ever want to change our numbers

we can do this here.

And we don't have to touch this line of code.

Of course, this is a super simple test,

it's not too bad if we would have to change it here,

but still splitting it like this makes the overall test

a bit more readable and will make it a bit easier

for your fellow developers to dive into the same test

and change it.

So this here, is the Arrange phase.

This here, is the Act phase.

So, here we act, we execute this function

and we store it at a result.

And then we have the Assert phase here,

but there we also can improve it.

Here, I hard coded the expected value.

The problem with that is that

if I ever change the inputs here

because I wanna change the details about this test,

and I forget to change it down there.

Then of course, if I navigate back into the folder

and I run this test,

you will of course notice that it fails.

It fails because my expectation is wrong.

The problem is if I don't realize this quickly enough,

I might start looking for an error

here inside of this function

because that is the general idea behind tests.

You wanna see whether your function, your unit does its job

and you might try to fix the function

or unit if your test is failing.

But of course this test is failing

because my expectation is wrong.

Therefore, instead of hard coding

the expected value like this,

it often is better to calculate the expected result.

So, here I could also arrange my expected result

by using numbers and calling the reduced method on it

which is a built in method, you can execute on arrays

to have a starting value

and then pass a function to reduce

which is executed for every array value,

where you get the previous value and the current value,

and you then return prevValue plus curValue.

If the reduced method is totally new to you,

again definitely check out some

dedicated JavaScript resources first.

In the end, what this does is

it executes the expected result.

You don't wanna call ad here

because that's the thing you're testing.

So, you don't wanna use the ad function here

to calculate that, you instead wanna calculate it here

inside of this test.

And then the expected result can be used down here.

By the way you could, of course also move

that code down there because you can argue

whether we are arranging the test here

or if we're just arranging the well, expected result.

Ultimately it's up to you,

it's just a good idea to derive the result

programmatically here inside of the test.

And if you do that, of course now

the test will succeed again

because now we are expecting the right value,

but this triple A pattern is really a pattern I do recommend

because it keeps your tests organized and structured.

So I will of course also use it

throughout this entire course.
