Now we wanna execute our tests.

And as mentioned before,

for this we need to execute the test script in the end.

Which uses Vitest to run our tests.

So we can open our terminal here, in VS Code in this case.

And in there I will run npm test.

You could also run npm run test

but for our test and start,

and you can actually just use npm test.

Of course, you also must make sure

that you are in the right folder before you do that though.

So here I navigate it into the folder

and then you can run npm test.

And if you do that, all your tests are executed,

and you should see output that looks like this.

Now what you see here, is the end a summary

where you see that one test file was found.

And overall, we had one passing test.

So we had one overall test,

but also one passing test here, so to say,

and you also see some output regarding the test file.

And then also regarding the exact test that was passed.

And you see that it was successful

because you have that green check mark here

for the overall file, but also for one specific test.

And the text you see here,

is of course the text you defined here.

So this is how these things are related

and choosing a meaningful text here, of course,

makes sure that the output is a bit easier to understand.

It does not matter if you just have one test,

but if you have multiple tests,

this will of course matter at some point.

Now, as a side note in package.json, for the test script,

if you remove reporter verbose,

and you just have dash --run,

then what you get is a more simplified output.

Because then you just get the summary

and the test file that passed,

but you don't learn which tests did pass.

So you don't get de detailed test output.

I like that detailed output, but you can remove simply

by adding or removing this flag here.

The --run flag means that it's only executed once.

And the alternative is that

you keep watching your test files.

For example here I added another script to show you

what happens if you just run a Vitest without flags.

If you run npm run test:watch, you enter this watch mode.

And now it also executes the tests,

but it keeps watching our test files.

Just as we could run a development server during development

which watches our source code files.

And therefore also reloads a page

if we change our source code.

Now the test files get watched.

And this means that if I now change something in a test.

For example, my expected result if I change it to five,

and I then save this,

it automatically executes the test and it now also failed.

And we can see here that we failed.

We see which test failed.

You see that even if the mode is not set verbose

because you wanna learn which test failed.

You see that this test failed

because we have this red cross here.

And we see which line caused the test to fail,

what the expected value was,

and what the actual value was that we got.

So we learn why the test failed.

And then we see the summary

that one of one test failed in the end.

Now, of course, here, I will fix this

by switching back to six, but it is important

to understand what watch mode is

and what failing tests look like.

And this also already therefore shows you how you define

when a test is considered successful,

and when it is considered a failure.

It's successful if your expectation is met,

the expectation you define with the expect function.

And then one of these two functions.

And it fails if the expectation is not met.

That's how easy it is.

And that's our first test.

And that's how unit testing works in general.

I'm now going to quit this watch mode here,

but you can of course also keep it enabled.
